Add Node.js template reference (#50)
openshift-knative/docs: modules/ROOT/pages/functions/faq.adoc

Serverless Functions FAQ

> ========================

Reviewer: Please use heading titles as per https://docs.asciidoctor.org/asciidoc/latest/syntax-quick-reference/#section-titles
So this should be a = H1, subsequent headings should be == H2 etc

Serverless Functions frequently asked questions.

== What are Serverless Functions?

> Serverless Functions are a collection of tools that enable developers to create
> and run functions as a Knative Service on Kubernetes. The major components of
> this project are listed here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Serverless Functions provides a collection of tools that enable developers to create
and run functions as a Knative Service on Kubernetes. The major components of
this project are:
```

* Function runtimes for Go, Node.js and Quarkus
* Buildpacks for Go, Node.js and Quarkus

> * A CLI for creating and managing functions as a Knative Service

Reviewer: Please use lowercase "service" throughout because it'll make moving this to OCP docs easier

> * Knative Serving and Eventing as the platform on which it all runs

Reviewer: I'd remove this, it's a prereq not a component of functions

== How mature is the Serverless Functions Project?

> OpenShift Serverless Functions are currently in Developer Preview.

Reviewer: Remove this, should be a given, the whole site is dev preview

== How does this project relate to Knative?

> Knative is the target deployment platform for Serverless Functions.

Reviewer: Again, this should be a given since it's in your prereqs but up to you whether to include.

Tbh I don't know if we'll include this FAQ in OCP docs anyway, the information that's useful from it will probably be moved into some proper "about functions" guide or something. We don't tend to have things like FAQs in downstream docs afaik.

== How do I Use Serverless Functions?

For Function projects, a developer uses the `kn-func` CLI for project creation
and deployment.  Developers use this CLI to create new function projects and
deploy them to a Kubernetes cluster running Knative Serving and Eventing.
During deployment, the developer's function code is combined with a runtime
framework (for example Quarkus or Node.js) using the CNCF Buildpack APIs to
create a runnable OCI container.

To get started using Serverless Functions now, please follow the [step by step

> tutorial](tutorial.md).

Reviewer: All of this just seems like duplication of content that should is already or should be included in its own module; I really don't like the idea of jamming this all into an FAQ tbh
